Add missing "What's New" entries (#7288)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/whatsnew/5.1.rst

    `sunpy.coordinates.spice` requires the optional dependency `~spiceypy.spiceypy` to be installed.

.. minigallery:: sunpy.coordinates.spice.initialize

Support for GONG Synoptic Data
==============================

> The Global Oscillation Network Group (GONG), a network of observatories located around the Earth, that observe produces hourly photospheric magnetograms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Global Oscillation Network Group (GONG) are a network of observatories located around the Earth that produce photospheric magnetograms every hour.
```

These magnetograms are used to derive synoptic maps which show a full-surface picture of the solar magnetic field.
A new map source, `~sunpy.map.sources.GONGSynopticMap`, has been added to support these synoptic data products.
This means that GONG synoptic data products can now be loaded directly into `~sunpy.map.Map` objects.

New Method for Determining Visibility of Helioprojective Coordinates
====================================================================
A new method has been added to the `~sunpy.coordinates.Helioprojective` frame to determine whether a coordinate is visible or not.

> Visibility is determined as whether or not the coordinate is behind the limb relative to the observer that defines the helioprojective frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visibility is determined as whether or not the coordinate is behind the limb relative to the observer coordinate.
```

See the documentation for :meth:`~sunpy.coordinates.Helioprojective.is_visible` for more information.

Improved Support for WISPR Data
===============================
The default colorbar limits and stretching for `~sunpy.map.sources.WISPRMap` have been improved to better emphasize the coronal structures present in many images.

> Metadata handling has also been improved, including handling non-integer processing levels (e.g. "L2b") and adding more intuitive labels for the different detectors (e.g. "inner" and "outer" versus "1" and "2").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metadata handling has also been improved, including handling non-integer processing levels (e.g. "L2b") and adding more intuitive labels for the different detectors (e.g. "inner" and "outer" instead of "1" and "2").
```
